README.md, before:

# Open Encyclopedia System Plugin

Welcome to the Open Encyclopedia System Demo (OES Demo) repository on GitHub. OES is a modular and configurable software for creating, publishing and maintaining online encyclopedias in the humanities and social sciences that are accessible worldwide via Open Access. For more information please visit the main repository or our website.

A typical OES application consists of an OES plugin and an additional OES project plugin which implements the OES features for the application. The OES Demo plugin is an exemplary OES project plugin allowing you to experience an exemplary application. This application includes a basic online encyclopedia and should be used with the OES theme.

## Documentation (Coming Soon)

We are working on a detailed user manual and a technical function reference. Support is currently provided via our email help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org. We answer questions related to the OES plugin and its usage.


## Getting Started

### Dependencies

OES Demo depends on the OES Core Plugin:
* OES Core, version 2.2., URL: https://github.com/open-encyclopedia-system/oes-core.

### Installation

1. Download the OES plugin from gitHub and add it to your WordPress plugin directory.
2. Download and activate the dependencies.
3. Activate the OES plugin.
4. Create your OES project plugin or download and activate the OES Demo plugin.
5. (Optional) Download and activate the OES theme.

If the installation was successful you will now see the menu "OES Settings" inside the WordPress admin interface in the 
navigation menu on the left. Navigate to "OES Tools" / "Data Model" / "Config" and use the button 
"Reload from Plugin Config" to import the post types and the ACF fields (this will only work if you have admin rights). 
The OES Demo and its functionalities are now available inside your WordPress installation.

If you are using an OES theme you might need to refresh the permalink structure. Navigation to the WordPress settings 
via "Settings" / "Permalinks", choose a permalink structure (we recommend to use "post name") and save the settings, even if you have made no changes.

You can start configuring by exploring the OES settings (documentation coming soon) or editing the model.json inside your project plugin.

## Support

This repository is not suitable for support.

Support is currently provided via our email help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org. We answer questions related to the OES plugin and its usage. For further information about online encyclopedias and possible customization please visit our [website](http://www.open-encyclopedia-system.org/).


## Contributing

If you want to contribute to OES please contact the help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org.


## Licencing

Copyright (C) 2023 Freie Universität Berlin, Center für Digitale Systeme an der Universitätsbibliothek

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Commit message:

Add new data dump (for importing OES Demo data)

README.md, after:

# Open Encyclopedia System Plugin

Welcome to the Open Encyclopedia System Demo (OES Demo) repository on GitHub. OES is a modular and configurable software for creating, publishing and maintaining online encyclopedias in the humanities and social sciences that are accessible worldwide via Open Access. For more information please visit the main repository or our website.

A typical OES application consists of an OES plugin and an additional OES project plugin which implements the OES features for the application. The OES Demo plugin is an exemplary OES project plugin allowing you to experience an exemplary application. This application includes a basic online encyclopedia and should be used with the OES theme.

## Documentation (Coming Soon)

We are working on a detailed user manual and a technical function reference. Support is currently provided via our email help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org. We answer questions related to the OES plugin and its usage.


## Getting Started

### Dependencies

OES Demo depends on the OES Core Plugin:
* OES Core, version 2.3.3., URL: https://github.com/open-encyclopedia-system/oes-core.

### Installation

1. Download the OES plugin from gitHub and add it to your WordPress plugin directory.
2. Download and activate the dependencies.
3. Activate the OES plugin.
4. Create your OES project plugin or download and activate the OES Demo plugin.
5. (Optional) Download and activate the OES theme.

If the installation was successful you will now see the menu "OES Settings" inside the WordPress admin interface in the 
navigation menu on the left. Navigate to "OES Tools" / "Data Model" / "Config" and use the button 
"Reload from Plugin Config" to import the post types and the ACF fields (this will only work if you have admin rights). 
The OES Demo and its functionalities are now available inside your WordPress installation.

If you are using an OES theme you might need to refresh the permalink structure. Navigate to the WordPress settings 
via "Settings" / "Permalinks", choose a permalink structure (we recommend to use "post name") and save the settings, even if you have made no changes.

You can start configuring by exploring the OES settings (documentation coming soon) or editing the model.json inside your project plugin.

You can add the demo data by using WordPress Importer, https://de.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-importer/, and the file demo.xml in this repository (stored in data folder).

## Support

This repository is not suitable for support.

Support is currently provided via our email help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org. We answer questions related to the OES plugin and its usage. For further information about online encyclopedias and possible customization please visit our [website](http://www.open-encyclopedia-system.org/).


## Contributing

If you want to contribute to OES please contact the help desk info@open-encyclopedia-system.org.


## Licencing

Copyright (C) 2023 Freie Universität Berlin, Center für Digitale Systeme an der Universitätsbibliothek

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
